Search in trash documented (#1095)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/public_php_api_managing_content.md

$this->trashService->recover($trashItem, $newParent);
```

> You can also search through Trash items and sort the results based on several public PHP API search criteria and sort clauses that have been exposed for `TrashService` queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also search through Trash items and sort the results using several public PHP API search criteria and sort clauses that have been exposed for `TrashService` queries.
```
